What’s your learning style

Auditory: 35%
Visual: 40%
Tactile: 25%

I expected to be more of a hands on learner. I enjoy learning actual code rather that playing games that teach us about code.

1. What kind of book would you like to read for fun?
A book w a loth of pictures in it
2. When you are not sure how to spell a word, what are you most likely to do?
Write it down to see if it looks right
3. You're out shopping for clothes, and you're waiting in line to pay. What are you most likely to do while you are waiting?
Fidget and move back and forth
4. When you see the word "cat," what do you do first?
Picture a cat in my mind
5. What's the best way for you to study for a test?
Have someone ask you questions that you can answer out loud
6. What's the best way for you to learn about how something works (like a computer or a video game)?
Figure it out on your own
7. If you went to a school dance, what would you be most likely to remember the next day?
The faces of the people that were there
8. What do you find most distracting when you are trying to study?
Loud noises
9. When you are angry, what are you most likely to do?
Put on your mad face
10. When you are happy, what are you most likely to do?
Talk up a storm
11. When in a new place, how do you find your way around?
Look for a map or directory that shows you where everything is
12. Of these three classes, which is your favorite?
Gym class
13. When you hear a song on the radio, what are you most likely to do?
Start dancing or tapping your foot
14. What do you find most distracting when in class?
Noises from the hallway or outside the building (like traffic or someone cutting the grass)
15. What do you like to do to relax?
Exercise
16. What is the best way for you to remember a friend's phone number?
Say it out loud over and over
17. If you won a game, which of these three prizes would you choose?
A poster for the wall
18. Which would you rather go to with a group of friends?
A concert
19. What are you most likely to remember about new people you meet?
Their face but not their name
20. When you give someone directions to your house, what are you most likely to tell them?
The names of the roads or streets they will be on
